I only copied it twice last night.
Why are there a few more of Mom's handwriting?
Mom's extra handwriting?
Could it be Huo Jiuling helped
me copy? Impossible,
impossible. He's a gangster
rolling up his sleeves
to help me copy books? Forget it,
forget it, let's go quickly,
I'm going to be late for class.
Aren't you busy today?
When am I not busy?
Then why did you send me to school?
What do you think?
Afraid I'll run off again?
Dare you?
You helped me copy my lessons yesterday.
Suddenly I feel like...
Why?
Am I not being obvious enough?
It's good.
You're the first woman in my life,
and you'll be my last
woman. Understand?
Actually... I don't quite understand.